Mira is senior principal scientist at Adobe leading research in Human Computer Interaction (HCI) at the intersection of video creation and AI driven interaction. Mira leads the STORIE Lab, which focuses on research on storytelling and interactive experiences with generative AI. Mira and her team build new tools that make video and audio creation easier, more fun, and more accessible to a wider audience. She is passionate about multimodal interaction, AI agents, and experiences at the intersection of the physical and digital world.


Yin Li is a tenured Associate Professor in Biostatistics and Medical Informatics and affiliate faculty in Computer Sciences at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. He received his Ph.D. in Computer Science from Georgia Tech and was a postdoctoral fellow at Carnegie Mellon University. His research focuses on computer vision and its applications in digital health, where his group develops methods to analyze human activities for improving health outcomes. He is a member of the NSF Center CHORUS and the U.S. Army AI Innovations Institute, and recipient of the NSF CAREER and Google Research Scholar Awards. He has served as area chair for top vision and learning conferences and co-authored several award-winning papers. His work has been featured in MIT Tech Review, WIRED UK, New Scientist, BBC, and Forbes.


Adriana Kovashka is an Associate Professor and Department Chair in Computer Science at the University of Pittsburgh. Her research interests are in computer vision, machine learning, and natural language processing. She has authored over thirty publications in top-tier conferences and journals (CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, NeurIPS, AAAI, ACL, NAACL, EMNLP, TPAMI, IJCV) and over twenty second-tier conference publications (e.g. BMVC, ACCV, WACV). Her research is funded by the National Science Foundation, Google, Amazon and Adobe. She received the NSF CAREER award in 2021. She is serving as Program Co-Chair for CVPR 2026, and has previously served as Area Chair for CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, NeurIPS, ICLR, and AAAI. She has co-organized eight workshops.